the install of apt360 works in the usual fashion of the GNU autotools:
type: 

./configure
make
make install 

if you are not familiar with the GNU autotools, be aware that many more
options exist. 

You will need the libraries for f2c to compile.  F2c is a C program that was
used to convert the Fortran H code to C.  The resulting C code makes calls to 
the f2c library.  You don't need to use f2c the program, but you will need 
the library.  Your distribution may include it or it may be an option.  
If not, you can get the f2c library at: 

http://www.netlib.org/f2c/libf2c.zip

It is probably available from your distro's website also. See the note below 
for installation hints.

Also used for the some math issues in the TABCYL command is the Gnu 
scientific library gsl. The program will compile without it, and the TABCYL
command will often work ok, but be aware of the problem. The command will
fail with an error message if the gsl library is required for a TABCYL 
definition.

If you are compiling on a bigendian machine (e.g., Mac OSX, Solaris sparc,etc.)
the code will not work. Since the code was originally for the bigendian 
OS/360 machine, the conversion to bigendian will only require the writing 
of one file (ADFPRL.ASM.S) and undefining some macros.  If the demand is 
there, I will try to work on this.  

To generate the final post from the cl-file that apt creates, you will
need a post-processor. Postp, from the same site as this package, is being 
developed for this purpose.  

You will want some way of viewing your geometry. Sean Dolan's vapt project
has been developed for this purpose.  Get it at:

https://sourceforge.net/projects/vapt/
 
I've also included a vim syntax file in the /vim directory.  If you use vim, 
you may want to install these files in your ~/.vim directory.

Installing f2c:

The f2c lib has been an awkward problem for new users to apt360.  It assumes 
you know quite a bit about compiling and installing libraries, and it differs 
quite a bit from the common standards in Linux.

Here are some things to try- I don't know where you are at in your experience 
with Linux, so some of these things might seem obvious to you, or might not:

Many distributions have a "package manager" or something similar that helps 
you install files.  You might look for f2c on your distribution if it has 
something like this.  

If you try installing f2c libs from source, remember extraction is just the first 
step to installing the f2c libs.  You must also compile the libraries, and 
then install them in a system library directory. The netlib sources also include 
the f2c conversion program, which is different from the lib and not needed to 
install apt360. 

Here are the steps I did in test installing the "libf2c.zip" package on my Suse system:

extract the files:

->unzip libf2c.zip

change to the root directory of the f2c lib package:

-> cd libf2c

->mv makefile.u makefile

->make

this should give you a file "libf2c.a"

->make hadd

this should give you a file "f2c.h"

set an environment variable for where to install the lib:

->export LIBDIR=/usr/local/lib 

->sudo make install

this will ask for a password and install libf2c.a in your LIBDIR you just 
defined.

You will also need to install the header file:

->sudo cp f2c.h /usr/local/include/

Try running the apt360 configure script again.  It should hopefully be ok now.
